>>This is now Day Two.
This the day of the
body and healing.
>>OK, good morning, everybody.
This is the second
day, which is the day
of the body, and healing,
and how to keep balance
in your life and in your body.
So we're focusing on
physical stuff all day today.
I hope you wore casual
clothes this morning--
simple, because we're
going to be doing work
on the ground and
everything else.
And so I'm going
to start right in.
But the first
thing I want to ask
is, how many people
here are healers?
Now, I know
everybody's a healer.
I mean, if you cut
yourself, who fixes it?
You do.
We are all healers.
But who's doing
this professionally?
I just want to count that
number 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7,
8-- 38 people, OK.
Because when we get down
into the little beds
that we form for
the healing, I'd
like those 38 people to
kind of be evenly dispersed
across there, so
everybody has somebody
that's used to doing healing--
understands that kind of thing.
I'm going to talk about my
experience with healing.
And you're welcome to
put your experience
in at any time, if you feel
it needs to be added to
or taken away from.
I totally believe in negative
and positive understandings
of things, so we can
find what the truth is.
And I'm just going to
go for what has taken me
my entire life to understand.
And a lot of these things are
going to be, for some of you,
you'll go, oh,
yeah, I know this.
And for other ones, it'll
be stuff you probably never
heard before, and
you're going to kind
of twist your mind a bit.
But the first thing is that
nothing happens in the body
without other
components affecting it.
In other words, if
anything happens
physically in your body, it
isn't just a physical thing.
We have four parts to us.
And let me just write this out.
I put it into a tetrahedron.
So I'll put it like this.
So this is a tetrahedron
sitting on a table.
And this is spirit
up at the top.
And then we can just put
this is the mental body.
I know you're a long
ways away, but that
says "mental body," emotional
body, and physical body.
And so our spirit, or some
people call it a soul,
and our mental body, emotional
body, and physical body
are linked together, from how I
see it, in a tetrahedral form.
And if anything
happens on any of them,
there's always these
other components
that are connected to it.
Can't talk about one
of them without talking
about the other.
So when we're talking
about the physical body,
there is always these
other three aspects
that are deeply affecting this.
And on Earth today,
the biggest one
is the emotional body, at
least that's what I've found.
The emotional
trauma that we have
is one of the primary
causes of disease.
And so if you use
allopathic medicine, which
doesn't recognize this,
and you have a disease,
and you take medicine
to cure that disease,
or to get rid of the
symptoms, if you haven't dealt
with the other aspects--
especially the emotional one--
it's just going to come
back some other way.
You haven't cured the problem.
You've only just worked
with the symptoms.
And so you get rid of
cancer, and it comes back
as something else, because
you haven't gone enough.
This is so basic
to me that I want
to see if anybody has a
different idea about this,
or feels differently.
Is there anyone that
feels differently?
OK, that's good.
Because sometimes
people don't get this.
But this is a basic point
that I had to bring forth.
The other aspect that to
me is essential-- now,
I know a lot of healers don't
think this is essential,
but I'm giving you my
opinions-- and that
is that you have to have
permission to do healing.
Even if you were this amazing
person that could just
wave their hand,
if I came in here
and just waved my
hand over all of you
to heal everything
you had, I would
be doing more harm to almost
all of you than you can imagine.
And there would be a
lot higher selves that
would be really angry at me.
Because we create things within
ourselves for more than just--
we have reasons
why we do things.
And a lot of times,
healing produces responses
that we need to deal with.
We have something that
we're trying to deal with,
very often from a past lifetime.
And we have to know, if
that illness is there,
if the person has worked
through what that is about
or if they have not.
And so when I asked my person--
and it took me a long time
to understand this,
too-- I not only
ask the person for permission,
because they almost always
will say yes.
But they don't know
what's good for them.
And the next thing
that I've found
is crucial to me is
to ask a higher level.
And you could go to
your own higher self.
But I found that it's better
if I go to their higher self.
And if you go to
their higher self
and ask if it's appropriate
for you to do this,
they'll either tell
you no, and go away.
Leave them alone.
Or they'll give you yes.
The body knows what is wrong.
And you can ask the body.
But when you're talking in
those levels to the body,
most people can only
ask yes or no questions.
If you're advanced enough,
you can go in and actually
talk to the body and have
a discussion with it.
It'll tell you more than
just yes or no questions.
But if you go to
the higher self,
the higher self
has a viewpoint far
expanded over what the body
sees, and is able to tell you,
if you wish, exactly why you
either do something or do
not something.
And you can even ask
it-- and this took me
about eight or nine
years to understand,
and it was by
accident one time--
it felt like accident--
in fact, I'll
even tell that story
in a little bit.
And I asked permission
from the higher self
to do a healing on someone.
And the higher self said yes.
And then I started to say thank
you and move away from that.
And it says, just a minute,
and says, you can ask me more.
I can tell you
exactly what to do.
This becomes really
interesting, because a lot
of times what they
tell you to do
is not in anything that you've
ever probably heard before.
Because they know.
They're surgical.
They know exactly what to
do to solve the problem.
And very often, it falls outside
of what we normally think
is healing.
I'll give that example
in just a moment.
And so permission is important.
And the means of asking
how to get to higher self
is-- this falls into the
same kind of category
where, for you guys
about the Merkaba,
it took a long time to
understand that there were
these shapes around you
that you can't see, or feel,
or anything.
And the higher self
is just another level
of the same kind of ability
that we have to communicate.
And it is something that
you'd have to do through--
if you don't know--
let me just put it,
how many people actually do know
how to talk to someone's higher
self?
So 1, 2, 3, 4 5 6, 7 8, 9, 10,
11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17,
18-- that's 18 people in here.
And those 18 people have
an incredible advantage
over other healers.
Because I'll tell
the story right now.
Which one was it?
Oh, yeah, this one.
I was in Taos, New
Mexico, long time ago.
I don't remember when.
It was probably in the
'90s, early '90s, I think.
Oh, no, it was in the '80s.
This is when I was
really beginning.
This is maybe '86 or
'87-- somewhere in there.
I remember now.
And it was a friend of mine.
And we weren't
boyfriend/girlfriend.
She was a friend.
But we were very close.
And she just got sick one day.
And she just kept getting
sicker, and sicker, and sicker.
And then she's in the hospital.
And they thought she
may die from this.
I don't remember
what it was she had.
And so I went in, to help
her because I loved her
and I wanted to help her.
And so when I was in
there, I asked her
if I could have
permission to try to help.
And she said yes.
And then I went to
her higher self.
And her higher self--
he said, yes, yes,
that she had completed
everything on this,
and that it was fine
for this to go away now.
So I said OK.
And that's when I started
to back away from him.
And the higher self
says, just a minute.
And he says, you can ask
me exactly what to do.
And I had never
thought of that before.
And so I said, what do I do?
And so he told me something
that I would never come up with.
He gave me an image
of a teddy bear,
a little brown teddy
bear about that big.
And he says, you see it?
I say, yeah.
He says, you've got to get
one that looks just like this.
And I said, OK.
And then he says, and a
single rose on a single stem
and a little rose.
The stem was about that long,
and the rose about this big.
And it was a bud that was
just starting to open.
And then he says-- I
can't remember the order.
There was an order.
I had to hand her the teddy
bear or the rose first, and then
the next one.
And then I had to
say a sentence.
And the sentence
was very precise.
And he made me say it.
He made me say it
a couple times.
He says it's got to be perfect.
I said, OK, so I got
the sentence down.
I don't remember the
sentence, either, anymore.
And so I went and collected
up these items best I could.
And I came back.
And she was asleep at the time.
And the nurse came in, and
I waited until she woke up.
The nurse did some things for a
little bit, and then she left.
And then I went over.
And I waited a few minutes.
I talked to her
for a little while,
because she was just waking up.
Then when she was
really kind of awake,
I said, I got a gift for you.
She says, oh, goodie.
Whatever it was-- I think I
gave her the teddy bear first.
And says, oh, thank you.
And I gave her the rose.
She says, oh, thanks.
And then I immediately
just said this sentence.
I don't know what it was.
And she just looked
at me like that.
And it was like I slapped
her across the face.
And she just started
going crazy, kind of.
And then she started crying.
And she started crying, and
crying, and crying, and crying.
And I left her an hour later.
And she was still crying.
And the next day,
everything went away.
It was just completely gone.
And it was something her
dad did-- gave her this gift
and did and said something.
And I don't think she
ever saw him again.
And the emotional
impact of that was now
making her sick,
many years later.
And so the human body is not
as straightforward as it looks.
Diseases are not what
we think they are.
They're much more complex.
Even accidents-- there
are no accidents.
We're creating
everything all the time.
You've gotta come from
that point of view
to understand life.
We're creating every single
thing that happens to us.
And so I'm just beginning to
give to you what I've learned.
And hopefully, it will help.
There's another
huge area in healing
that is very often overlooked.
And it has to do
with the person,
and the healer-- both of
you-- what you believe
is true, whatever that is.
It's like a cage you're in.
It's walls, and you can't
get beyond those beliefs.
And so you're limited by them.
And so is the person
that you're dealing with.
And so if they have
belief patterns that
are different than
yours, it does
help if you kind of know
a little bit about them
in terms of what
they believe is true.
But these belief
patterns are huge.
We can go back into
the stories of Jesus.
And there was a time when
he was walking on water.
We all remember this one.
And there were two
boats out in the water
with the disciples in them.
And he's kind of
standing there in water.
And they're looking at them.
And when you see somebody
breaking your belief patterns,
it has a really
big effect on you.
You know, somebody flies around
this room, you're going to go,
well, I want to do that.
And so it was Peter
who it impacted.
It could have
impacted all of them.
They all could
have ran out there.
But it only impacted
one to the level
that they could actually do it.
And so Peter gets out, and
says, I can do that, too.
And he walks over, and stands
next to Jesus on the water.
But something happened in Peter.
One cell somewhere in
his body-- who knows,
it could have been on his big
toe, or his finger somewhere.
One little cell says,
"Walking on water?
Peter, are you crazy?
[BLOOP]
He immediately fell into the
water, because he had a doubt.
And this is what belief
patterns are about.
It's 100% one way or the other.
There's nothing in the middle.
You either can believe
it, or you don't.
And if even a tiny, tiny,
tiny, tiny little piece of you
doesn't believe it,
you don't believe it.
It's not enough.
It's all the way or nothing.
And so this is what
we're all faced
with as we try to
get into higher
consciousness, because we've got
all these things around us that
are stopping us, because we
don't believe all this stuff.
And we have to get
through it somehow.
And this is it's not easy.
It's a human dilemma.
It really is.
Oh, yeah, Master Zhou.
I'm just going to write
an address down here.
I'm going to talk
about somebody,
and the things I'm going to
say are pretty hard to believe.
But if you don't believe
it, go talk to him.
He'll show you.
He'll actually show you
what I'm talking about.
And he loves to show you.
He is Master Zhou, is his name.
He's a Chinese-American.
He lives in Los Angeles--
a little tiny guy.
And he's in his 80s, I think.
He acts like he doesn't speak
English, but he does perfectly.
He uses a translators
when he's in the room-- I
think to be dramatic.
But he's a really pure person.
And I think he's eleventh
generation Qigong Master.
And this guy is truly a Master.
He really knows
what this is about.
And so I'm going to put his name
and address and phone number
on here, because he has
helped a lot of people
get through their
belief patterns,
better than most people can.
This is his name.
So it's Zhou, but his name
is Joe, just like Joseph.
And the address
where he is is 2001
South Barrington Avenue,
for the filming crew,
this is rather convenient.
He's in West LA.
And you'll understand
in a minute
why I'm spending so much time
writing down this address.
Master Zhou came to Sedona.
He was actually
here just recently,
but he was here 10
years ago or more.
I'm not sure when.
And he had a little ad in a
newspaper asking for people
if they wanted to watch.
And my wife, Claudette,
happened to see it.
And she's just instantaneously
yes, this person,
no, not this person.
She saw him.
She says, oh, I
want to go see him.
And she asked me if I wanted to.
And I go, oh, I don't think so.
And so she came to
wherever it was.
And there was about
this many people there.
And the first thing he did
was he brought two chairs out.
Well, they didn't
have arms on them.
They were just flat,
one chair like this.
And actually, it
was already there.
And then he had another
chair about that far away,
facing each other.
And then he brought out a
piece of paper-- rice paper.
But it was stretched on a
little, thin, black frame.
And the paper was
about this big,
and stretched tightly so
you could see it was tight.
And he passed it around
the room so everybody
could see it's a piece
of paper, and not
really steel or
something like that.
They could see it was just
a light piece of paper.
And then the last person came.
And he had them place
it across the chair,
so it was on both chairs,
and just suspended on them.
Then Master Zhou
stood up in the chair,
and stood over on the paper.
He's now standing
on a piece of paper.
There's about that
much difference
between standing on paper
and standing on water--
that much-- nothing.
And that's how he
began his lecture.
So he's standing on the paper.
And the next thing he
does, he has somebody pass
around a bowl of water.
It was a Pyrex bowl, so
you could see through it.
And he wanted
everybody to touch it
so they could see that
it was room temperature.
The next thing they did is
they brought it and put it
into his hands.
Somebody from the audience
put it in his hand.
And he looks at it.
And in about two seconds,
he boils the water.
The water's actually boiling.
He put it down,
and boiling water.
And then the next thing he did
would probably break almost
everybody's belief patterns.
Because this is off the scale.
This is even more than
things that Jesus was doing.
He took some baby clothes, about
two years old-- little, tiny,
baby clothes.
And right before their
eyes, he shrank his body
into a little, tiny person,
and put on these baby clothes.
That's why I put his
address up there,
because you'd never believe me.
And so he gave his lecture
on healing and Qigong.
And then afterwards, in
this little, tiny body
with his little, tiny clothes,
standing on a piece of paper.
And then afterwards,
when they were leaving--
Claudette was
starting to leave--
and he says to Claudette,
you, come here.
He says, you can
do all this stuff.
He says, I could
show you right now.
You're just that far away.
And she goes, no, that's OK.
And she starts to walk away.
And he says, no, no, come here.
He says, you're so close.
He says, let me just show you.
And she goes, oh, OK.
And so he lays her down.
He goes into another room and
he lays her down on a thing.
And he puts wet towels
that had been wrung out,
but they were wet.
And he took about that many of
them, and put them on her back.
Then he puts his left
hand behind his back,
is where he's drawing
the Prana or the Qi,
from his point of
view-- from Nature--
and his other hand
on the towels.
And when he does, all
you hear is (HISSING).
And then she says it felt just
like within about a second,
like you're going to be burned.
And then he'd move it to
another spot, and (HISSING).
He was doing this, letting
her feel the energy.
And so anyway, she
came back home,
and she tells me all this stuff.
And I'm, like, well, I
want to feel the energy.
You didn't tell me it was
going to be that good.
And so I run down there.
I say, Master Zhou, Claudette
says, and can you show me
that--?
He's was laughing.
He goes, OK, sure, sure.
So he lays me down.
I take off my shirt
and he lays me down.
He puts the towels on there.
(HISSING) And tell you, it was
incredible, I mean incredible.
It just felt like it
was going to burn me.
And right at the moment when I
felt it was going to burn me,
he would move it to another
spot, and move around.
But Qi can be hot.
I just watched a video
of another Qigong master
just a paper-- broke
it into flames.
You could see it start burning.
So anyway, we became
friends after that.
And at one point,
I asked him if I
could bring a filming
crew in from Hollywood
to film all this stuff.
And he says, oh, yeah, sure.
No problem.
And so I got us all together,
and we went down to his office.
And it just looks like a
suite in another building.
And his secretary was about
a 50-year-old Chinese woman,
very sweet person.
And here we're in.
We're there with cameras
and all this junk and stuff.
And she says we've
got to sit down.
He's working on someone.
It'll be about a half an hour.
And so we said, OK.
We're just sitting there.
And she comes back
a moment later,
and she goes, oh Mr. Zhou was
just on television a week ago.
She says, would you like
to see what happened?
And we go, yeah, yeah, sure.
So she rolls a television
up to us on a little stand,
and puts in this-- I think--
this was a long time ago.
I think it was actually a
VCR that she put in there.
And he had just been on that
show, "That's Incredible."
Remember that?
It's very appropriate for him.
And I don't remember
all of it, but what
I do remember is the
first thing they did was
they took a temperature
gun-- what's
shaped kind of like a gun.
And you can aim it at
anything in the room.
And you hit the trigger.
And it gives you a readout
of the temperature.
So whatever it is, you don't
have to actually go over to it.
You can just look at,
and tell you what it is.
And they were describing
to the audience
how it worked, and showed
them a thing on the side.
They first did that.
Then the next thing, when
they opened the curtains,
there's a giant, round kiln
about so big inside of there.
But it's off to the side.
And there's this guy in an
asbestos suit with a mask
and these long tongs on there.
And so nobody knows
what's going to happen.
And then they take a
piece of metal-- steel--
that's about this long,
about that wide, and maybe
a quarter-inch thick.
It was pretty heavy,
looked like it was
a pretty heavy piece of steel.
And the guy with the tongs
puts it at the end of his tongs
and holds away
from him like this.
And Master Zhou walks in,
puts one hand behind his back,
puts his hand up like that.
And you see up in
that little corner
the little temperature gun
that's aiming at this thing.
And instantly-- I
mean, instantaneously
when he goes like that, the
numbers go brrr, like that.
And after about-- it wasn't
very long-- 30, 40 seconds,
the metal starts turning orange.
And he was heating that piece
of metal up to orange hot.
I don't know how hot
that is-- probably
1800 degrees or
something like that.
And you know,
everybody's going wow.
And then the guy drops that.
And he goes over to the kiln.
And he takes a piece
of metal out that
had been heated to white hot.
White hot has got to be hot.
I don't know what the
melting point of steel is,
or whatever that was.
But this thing was white hot.
And you can't even be
near stuff like that.
We're working with things
like this right now.
You just open a
kiln and-- I mean,
when you get around
something that hot, the heat
is tremendous.
And so he's holding
it up like that.
And Master Zhou
walks over to it.
And they put a close-up of this.
And here's the piece
of metal like this.
And he goes-- he licks it.
He runs his tongue
over the top of it.
He does that twice.
And then he sticks it in his
mouth, and bytes off a piece,
and spits it out.
And everybody in the audience
goes, that's incredible.
It was incredible.
And then he did a bunch
of other things like that.
We're watching that,
and we're kind of almost
at the end of it.
And then he comes out, and
we went and did a filming
with him.
And so this is a man
who is truly a master,
definitely understands
this whole thing
about belief patterns.
And he also is a healer.
He can heal almost anything.
But you could never
heal something
that somebody does-- if
you don't want to live,
if you don't want to be healed,
I don't care who you are.
You can't heal them.
It doesn't make any difference.
If they want to go,
they have the right.
They can go.
Oh, yeah, there's
another healing
that I watched take
place in my life.
I was also at Taos.
And it was also within
a year of the other one
with the teddy bear.
And this was the importance
of asking permission.
This was another woman
that I was friends with.
And she was completely healthy.
She was in her late '20s, I
think-- nothing wrong at all.
And in a single
day, she got sick
and had to go to the hospital.
And they told her she
had three days to live.
It's kind of shocking.
And when I went there to see
her, I did the same thing.
I asked her if I
could try to help.
And she said yes.
But when I brought
in her higher self,
I never have before,
or since, or ever,
ever before had a
reaction like this.
The higher self just
says, No, leave.
Go away.
And I went, wow.
I was almost offended, in a way.
It was so, so aggressive.
And so I just told
her, I said, I'm sorry.
I can't do anything.
There's nothing I can do.
And I just gave her
big hug, a long hug,
because I figured
when I leave here,
I'll probably never
see her again.
And I left.
But what happened
was right about when
she was supposed to die,
she figured it out herself.
She figured everything else out.
She figured out exactly
what had happened, when,
the whole thing.
She changed it.
She healed herself.
And she walked out of that
hospital perfectly whole,
without anybody
helping her at all.
And that was the point.
That was why the higher
self was so aggressive,
because it knew that she was
right there, ready to do this.
And if I messed
around at that time,
it would've been the
worst thing ever.
And so really have
to be careful.
You don't want to
interfere with someone.
It's not a good thing.
>>I wanted to ask the effect
that you've achieved from
the base of the spine and only
through meditation you can
delineate from the
base of the spine--
if you can say something
about the relationship between
[INAUDIBLE] and the Prana that
we use from way down and way up
at the apexes of--
>>You mean how it
enters into the body?
>>Yeah, because when using
the Merkaba the Prana,
we see the flow come
from up and down.
And there are usages
of Qi that come only
from the base of the spine.
>>Well, there's lots of
ways of looking at this.
And China has looked at what
we're doing with the Merkaba.
And their response was,
after they've studied it,
is that they're calling
it Western Qigong.
Because we are
just pulling Prana
in from a dimensional
level rather than
from this dimension.
We're pulling it from
the fourth dimension
or higher-- depends on
how you set your tubes.
And so in this sphere
that you have right here,
you have super concentrated
Prana-- stronger
than anything you can
get from using your hand
to pull from Nature.
But we're not applying
it in that way yet,
because we haven't.
That's not been taught.
All we taught was how to do it.
But in essence, anything
you know about Qigong
can be applied
directly from this,
using this sphere of energy
where it's coming in.
You could pull that energy.
You could send it
around your body.
You could send it out.
You could send it out
through your Chakra points.
You can send it out
through your eyes.
There's all kinds of
ways you can do it.
And it's still-- Prana is Prana.
Only this is like
super-concentrated Prana.
Now, in terms of the spine, from
my understanding, what they're
doing is they're
not pulling it--
they're pulling it from Nature
itself and then into the spine
through there.
But the super-psychic
kids that are
around the world, and
especially the ones in China,
they're doing something
that I've never seen ever.
And they pull the energy in
between the fourth and fifth
lumbar at 90 degrees.
So they have it coming in like
this, making a 90-degree turn
and going up, completely
missing the base of the spine
altogether.
And I thought it was strange.
And I tried it.
It seems to work.
But why they're doing
that, I still don't know.
So basically, if you've been
studying Qigong, anything
that you know about Qigong--
once you have the Prana, how
you apply it-- that's
the part that most of us
don't know too much about.
Because maybe the
38 people here do,
but most people don't
have any understanding
of how to use Prana.
A real quick thing--
Prana-- each one of the five
platonic solids-- and we're
missing the tetrahedron--
are the elements.
There are six elements,
not five or four.
There are six
elements in existence.
There's fire, earth, air,
water, ether, and void.
And ether is Prana or Qi.
And when you look
at these shapes,
fire is the tetrahedron-- that--
which is the diagonals of this.
So they're interconnected.
And this is earth.
And yet inside of
the earth, you're
going to see-- if you connect
the six faces together--
you get an octahedron,
which is air.
And the air connects to this
one, because inside of the air
is an octahedron also.
And this is an icosahedron,
which is water.
And water-- if you connect the
centers of the 12 pentagons,
you get these two
things are duals.
They connect together.
This is the outer shell of
your entire Merkaba field.
There's a sphere
that contains it all.
And these two things,
interconnected together,
which is this one-- this
one here-- that's these.
Water and ether-- water and
Prana together-- creates this.
And this is the Christ
consciousness grid,
or the unity grid that's
around the Earth right now.
And this is what is going to
save humanity, this thing.
And it's a living
field up there.
But the thing about what
I was about to come to
was that Prana is
connected directly to void.
And void is the sphere.
Void is the vacuum
is the void, which
is the infinite energy--
near infinite energy.
It's hard to imagine
how much energy there
is in almost nothing,
in one cubic centimeter
space with nothing in it.
And doesn't matter if you're
inside of the middle of a rock
or if you're in deep
space and there's
an absolute complete vacuum.
That one quarter inch
has enough energy,
based on E equals Mc squared,
to create the entire universe
that Hubble telescope can see.
And that's in every
physics book in the world.
It's fact.
They know it.
It still blows your
mind, but it's true.
And that's what all these free
energy machines that they're
coming out with, and what some
people call "zero point," which
is not a good name.
Because I was just with
Doctor William Teller--
we're on radio together--
and I use "zero point".
He goes, no, no.
Zero point is absolute zero,
which is zero Kelvin degrees.
And so some people are
linking that concept
with the vacuum, which are
really two different things.
I never realized that before.
But so Prana contains water.
Water contains air.
Air contains Earth.
And Earth contains fire.
And so if you have Prana,
you have everything.
This is why right now, there
are 50,000 people on Earth,
scientifically that
have been mapped
that do not eat food or water.
Don't drink water.
They don't eat food.
They don't have to.
And they found 5,000
babies in China
that never ate or drank
anything from birth-- ever.
They're fine.
They're totally healthy.
And they usually
don't sleep, either.
They sleep usually only about
an hour and a half a day,
which is the same length of
time that dolphins sleep--
an hour and a half a day.
And so their sleeping
process is brought way down.
They have a major
amounts of energy.
They never are tired.
They're super energized.
And you can synthesize
every molecule
in existence-- organic
molecule in existence,
no exceptions-- just by Prana.
So that's how important
Prana is-- the key to life.
And when we go
fourth-dimensional,
we will not eat or
drink anything, either.
We simply won't need to.
And we won't even
think about it.
And you can do this right
now, if you want to.
There's a woman, Jasmuheen
who's teaching this.
And if you want to,
you can learn how.
My publisher--
Conrad is his name.
And he was dropping me off
at the airport one time.
And so I went to the
restaurant, and I was just
eating something.
And he wasn't eating.
And I said, you're not hungry?
And he goes, no, I
don't eat anymore.
I say, what do you mean?
He says, well, I finally
read Jasmuheen's book.
And I just did it.
I don't eat food anymore.
He hadn't eaten a
bite in six months,
or water-- either one of them.
And the other thing
about it is that he
says he's learned that you can
put an on and off switch on it.
And so you can eat for six
months and stop for six months,
and eat for six months.
Or any time you want,
you can just stop eating.
It's kind of a
handy thing to know.
>>[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>What book?
>>Write down the name
>>Jasmuheen?
OK, it's Jasmuheen.
And you can just go on
the internet and find out.
She wrote a book called
"Living on Light,"
where it takes 21 days to
be able to convert over,
which really has to do with
breaking down your belief
patterns about
that you need food.
And so you come to a place
where, OK, I don't need food.
And as soon as you believe
that, you don't need food.
But there's a science behind it.
I mean, it isn't
just that you do it.
There's a reason
once you know how
to breathe Prana-- which you
all do it through the Merkaba--
you can take this
sphere and not eat.
I've really thought
about doing this.
But I wasn't too
concerned, because I
know that as soon as we go
to the fourth dimension,
we just automatically
don't eat food.
But it's interesting to
me, because she's actually
interpenetrating the fourth
dimension by moving it
into the third dimension.
But I still didn't get
interested until recently, she
has another one that she's
doing, where she does it
in Thailand with Mantak Chia,
who's a Chinese Tantra Master.
And he has a dark--
a special house that
is completely black inside.
And the people
that serve you have
goggles on that they can see
at night and all this stuff.
And they take you in there
for 10 days in total darkness.
And in 10 days, you come out.
And you're able to not
eat food or water again.
And that particular
number of days
was interesting to
me, because that's
what the Kogis and the Arhuacos
and the Wiwas and the Kankuamos
do in South America
and Columbia,
is they go into
totally dark rooms.
And they do this
little dance that they
do for nine days and nine
nights with no food or water.
And when they come
out of that, it
puts them solidly into
their heart forever.
And that was the way
that they actually
want to be to put you
into your heart first.
But I had to explain to
them that we were too weak.
We couldn't stand up for one
night without food or water
or sleep.
You don't sleep
either-- nothing.
And so the tenth
day when this thing
happens that I felt I wanted
to do what she was doing
to see what the relationship
was between the heart-- I figure
actually what's
really going on is
you're going into your heart.
And there is where
you're making the change.
And I have still
a strong feeling
that's what's happening.
But I don't know.
I used to work with
this guy, Bob Dratch .
And he's an extremely
brilliant person-- so brilliant
they can't measure him.
The way that Bob
Dratch worked is
that he would use his
left brain logically
to create what he was creating.
He knew exactly where
he wanted to go.
But whenever he
would get somewhere
and he had to know a certain
frequency or something
else, normally with
the scientific method,
you had to start doing
experimentation and everything
to figure out what it was.
He didn't have to do any
experimentation ever.
He would just get to that
point, and as soon as he did,
he would just go, OK, I
need to know what this is.
He would just close his
eyes, go into the right side
of his brain and
ask, what is it?
And the number would come.
He would put it down.
It worked perfectly,
and keep going.
And so it was pretty
extraordinary what
we were able to do
in the length of time
we were able to do things.
And one of the things that
we created-- or he created,
really-- but he was
using me in the sense
that I was giving
him the understanding
of sacred geometry
and how that worked.
And once he got it, he got it.
And he got it really fast.
And so he made this instrument
that, when you looked at it,
a normal scientist
would not have
any idea how this thing worked.
For one thing, the electrical
circuits aren't even connected.
He discovered that on
the walls in Egypt,
and on the walls in the Celtic
drawings that were in Ireland,
et cetera, that many
of those were actually
electrical circuits.
And they were into electronics.
It's now been proven
scientifically, conclusively,
that Egypt was into electronics
above and beyond what
we are now.
And the military's kind of
going crazy over all of this.
In fact, right behind
here in Sedona--
the Egyptians were here in
Arizona a long time ago.
There's no doubt
about that, if you've
done your research on it.
In 1905, they found a
cave that went 1,400 feet
off the Colorado River in there.
They went down into it.
And there were all these
mummies, Egyptian artifacts,
Egyptian writing,
everything else.
And then in 1925, they found
another whole mountain,
which is called Isis Mountain,
unfortunately-- to give it
away.
And they went in there.
And again, they pulled out
all kinds of Egyptian stuff.
Both of those
events were written
in the "Arizona Gazette."
One of them was six pages
long, with all the photographs
and everything.
And the other one was earlier.
But it again
explained everything.
And then a man--
we have his name,
but I don't know it right
now, from this group
of the government, this
one particular person--
didn't like the idea that
the Egyptians were here
before Christopher Columbus,
and took all of these artifacts,
and put them on a barge
out in the Atlantic
and dumped them in the water.
And that's been documented also.
He just didn't want us to
change our ideas about this.
But right now, they
found another mountain
next to Isis mountain.
For over 15 years now there's
been a huge fence around it.
Military's there, all dressed in
black with little machine guns.
If you try to get
in there, you're
probably not going to make it.
And it's even a no-fly
zone-- 10,000 feet.
You're not even
able to fly over it.
And whatever's in there
has really intrigued them.
In Egypt, it would take
me three or four hours
tell you this story.
But they found the
underground city in Egypt.
It's eight miles long,
six a half miles wide.
And it's one building,
12 stories deep.
And remember in
the book, we said
that it'll pull 10,000 people.
And they now are in
there absolutely.
And they've been in
there since 1997.
And they have found
electronics in there
beyond anything we have
ever understood at all.
And so Motorola paid $60
million for a little,
tiny building just to
get access into there,
a little adobe building that
was probably worth $0.10.
And so also, right
behind here out
at Boynton Canyon behind
the Enchantment place--
the Enchantments now has
been bought by the military.
And they have built
underground tunnels
from there over to where this
place was, and down inside
where they have found--
we believe that it's
Egyptian stuff also,
because they just will not
let go of this one.
It's too big for them.
And so a lot of people going
to this resort over here,
they're driving up
in civilian clothes,
but they're really military.
And it's OK.
They're trying to
understand the ancient past
and how it can be
applied to the present.
And that's just a
normal thing to do.
But so what Bob did was
he created an instrument
that he called-- it
started out as the Pulse.
Pulse is a germicidal
lamp, which
is based on the technology
that we're using.
It was a mercury vapor lamp.
We used that, because it had
been grandfathered by the FDA.
And we were primarily going
after the UV-A, B and C.
And from that, we had
create an instrument that
would heal all disease-- every
single disease in the world,
and usually within two minutes.
They arrested us for that.
They took everything away from
us, and wouldn't let us go.
Because they said you
can't have something
that cures everything.
The United States, one-seventh
of our Gross National Product
is people dying and sick.
And if you took that
away, it would destroy us.
Now, if it was Canada,
it would be a blessing.
Because in Canada,
it would actually
solve a lot of their
financial problems.
But it doesn't here.
But anyway, we changed that
little device after that.
And we created
something that you
think that the medical
community would go nuts over,
because we were able
to look inside the body
without any evasive action.
We're not putting anything into
the body-- no magnetic fields
or ultrasound or anything else.
Because when you do, you are not
seeing what's really happening.
You're seeing what's happening
because of that influence.
And so you can't
see the real time
of what's really happening.
But we had found a way to
take the microwaves that
are coming off of molecules--
molecules are vibrating
and they're
producing microwaves,
but at very low energy
levels-- 3 or 4 degrees Kelvin.
And we had figured
out a way to-- science
normally thinks that if you
look at something that's 3
or 4 degrees Kelvin, you have
to make an instrument that's
sitting at 3 to 4, and you have
to cool the instrument down
physically down
to 3 or 4 degrees,
otherwise the instrument
is vibrating so loud
you can't hear this
very soft thing.
That's not true.
They just don't know how
to make the right circuits.
And so using what we
learned out of Ireland,
we created these spiraling
circuits that you can adjust,
but they're not
connected to each other.
But yet you have a board
with them on there.
And you can see the
circuit's not connected.
But you put electricity
at this end,
and it comes out the other end.
A normal electrical
engineer could not
explain this by what he
was taught in school.
But that's what we were doing.
And from there, we
were able to create
an instrument that can look
inside the body and watch
anything.
You could just watch the
blood flowing through there,
or watch the heart
beating, or go in the brain
and just watch it doing
whatever you want.
You could look at for
hours, and hours, and hours.
And you're not doing anything,
because all you're doing
is-- it's just
like a photograph.
You take a photograph and
you're receiving light
that comes off of the body.
We were receiving
microwaves that
were coming off the molecules.
And it's three dimensional.
It's not just on the surface,
but it's inside the body.
And so we could adjust
our focus and go
into any particular point, and
just watch what was going on,
and without any evasion action.
And that led us to
a lot of discoveries
about the human body
that you probably
wouldn't know normally.
And there's so many things that
the medical community has not
even begin to understand yet,
even what the blood vessels are
and how they are formed.
We don't really understand that.
It looks like chaos.
The Russians have
figured it out.
And from that, they have
a whole science that
is absolutely extraordinary.
And we don't have
any idea of that
in the Western world over here.
But one of the things
that we could do
was to find out
where a person had
their attention in their body.
You could actually see it.
It's interesting.
You have a person standing
here, and if you, say,
have your attention
in this hand,
there's a little sphere about
that big, and it's glowing.
And if they move the sphere
up their arm and over here
into their hand,
you could actually
see that little sphere
going over there.
Or if they just was
here and then there,
you'd see here and
appear over there--
depends on how they did it.
But you could see where
they were focused.
And so this led
us to a discovery.
This discovery is
really important
to know if you're a healer.
It'll change everything.
It did for me.
What we discovered from
this is we realized,
well, we can see where
somebody is focused-- where
they're centered in their body.
And that was kind of
an interesting thing.
And so we decided to
start studying healers
to see where they're focused.
And we brought in
a lot of healers.
I don't remember how many.
It was a lot-- it
was 80, 90, or 100.
It took us a long
time to do this.
And we were picking people
who had written books
on the different
techniques of healing.
And so we were trying to
get every technique that we
could find and think of.
And then so we get the person.
They'd be healing
somebody on a table.
They would start
doing their thing.
And we'd say, OK,
tell us when you're
doing whatever you're doing.
And they'd say,
OK, I'm doing it.
And then we go for it.
And we would scan,
not the person's
body they were doing it,
but the healer's body.
And after a long time,
it became pretty clear--
every single case, they
were centered in their heart
chakra-- every single case.
What this told us was
the healing technique
doesn't mean much.
Healing technique is
to convince the healer
they can do something.
That's all it is.
This is what does it.
This is this connection of
love through your Sacred Heart.
That is where healing
comes from-- here.
That's what I
believe-- this point.
And the science behind it
was pretty convincing to me.
And so the technique
just gives you
a way to focus your
energy in how to do it.
But you don't really
need anything.
You just can love the person.
If you can't love the
person, you can't heal.
This was clear out of
those two guys out of China
that we talked about in
another one a long time ago.
There were two major
psychic people in China.
They were one of
the earliest ones.
And they're about the same age.
One of them was one that
was naturally born into it.
And the other one
was trained into it.
The one that was
naturally born into it,
the Chinese people hate him.
I mean, they're afraid of him.
And the other one,
they love him.
They love him like Jesus.
They love them.
And so the one that
they don't like
is that his ego is so strong.
I mean, he can anything
psychically-- I mean,
just anything.
He was one of the people
who was able to walk
through a solid wall.
So was the other guy, could
walk through a solid wall.
But the guy that nobody likes
or is afraid of, if he's
in an audience like
this and somebody
doubts him, or doesn't like
him, or puts a negative feeling
toward him, he hurts them.
He goes like this and
sends a ball of flame
and sets them on fire.
I would not go to
any of his things
myself-- only watch it on TV.
I mean, he's just
really not a nice guy.
And the other guy, they
just are all over him
because he loves people.
He can heal anything.
But what's interesting is
the guy that everybody loves,
and he loves them-- he can heal
anything, like I just said.
He can just say it's
gone, and it's gone.
But the other guy can do
anything, but he can't heal.
He cannot heal
anybody of anything,
because he doesn't care
what happens to them.
And so if you're a
healer, that's what it is.
You just really have to love
that person from your heart,
from the depths of your soul.
And you'll find a way
to make it happen.
OK, so I'm just throwing out
these bits of information
that I've learned.
And they're kind of
turning points in my life.
This is another one.
And this one is crucial
not only for healing,
but for everything.
And when you're
talking about healing,
you're really talking
about everything anyway.
But in quantum
physics, many things
were learned in quantum
physics that were never
known or understood before.
Quantum physics is probably
not going to survive,
because there are
other new theories that
are coming forth right now
that are so, so much better
than anything that
has ever come along
before-- relativity, special
theory of relativity, quantum
physics, superstring theory,
or any of these ideas
that are coming out now.
I believe they're just going to
be discarded and thrown away.
Because there are
new understandings
that are coming out, even
what Nassim is doing,
but also what the
Russians are doing.
The Russians have something
that is so extraordinary,
it's incredible.
But anyway, looking at
just quantum physics
as it is right now,
one of the things
that was presented to
this is that the person
who is performing the experiment
affects the experiment.
They literally can change it.
They can change the results just
by what they believe is true.
And this is a big problem.
I'm going to get into that idea
a little bit more tomorrow.
The other thing
in quantum physics
is that you can see the
universe in one of two ways.
And you have to choose one.
And you choose one, and you have
to throw the other one away,
and not believe it.
You can only believe
one side or the other.
But whichever way
you do will work.
One is that everything is solid,
and that it's just solid stuff.
It is particles.
We call them atoms, but they're
little pieces of universe
that you could put together
to make everything up.
So the idea of atoms
as we think of them,
with protons, electrons, and
neutrons, is just a theory.
They've had over 50
theories of what an atom is.
They keep going
through them until they
got to the Bohr idea.
And ever since
then, they use that.
But I don't think
most theorists really
believe any of
that stuff anymore,
because there's
too many anomalies.
And there's something wrong.
But anyway, you can see it as
either made up of particles,
or you can see it as just
energy-- waveform, vibration,
sound.
And you could take your pick.
Almost all scientists-- when
did quantum physics come out?
It was 1930s, wasn't is
somewhere around there?
Anyway from whenever
it came out,
until about the mid '90s or
so, almost all physicists
in the world were
particle scientists.
They didn't really understand
it as energy at all.
Bob Dratch was one
of the first ones.
And he's changing the world.
And there are other ones now
who are changing the world.
Because if you see
the world as energy,
and you throw away
that other idea,
there are things that
you can do that looks
like magic from the other way.
You just can't even
begin to do those things,
because you've got
another idea in your head
that will not work
on those levels.
And so going back
to Qigong again,
I'll give you an example.
Greg Braden has a movie
that he shows a lot
that he picked up out of China.
And probably many of you
have seen this, where there's
a woman who has bladder cancer.
And she's in China in a
hospital that is called
the medicineless hospital.
They use no medicine
to heal anything.
They just use Prana or Qi.
And so in this hospital, this
woman with the bladder cancer
is lying on-- it looks
like a normal hospital.
She's lying on a table like
a normal hospital table.
And there's a nurse there
with a computer screen,
and she's shining the
ultrasound into her bladder.
And it's picking
up on the screen,
so you see it's rather enlarged.
The bladder is about
that big on the screen.
And you can see the
cancer in there.
It's just this big,
black area that's
inside of there, that's
cancer in her bladder.
And so you could see
this scientifically.
And then these four
young men come out.
And they look like
they're in early '20s.
They come out, one
hand behind their back.
And they all go like
this and aim it at there.
And exactly what's going on in
their heads, you don't know.
But they're just doing that.
And they're all at
once-- all four of them
at once are healing this person.
But you can see on
the computer screen,
and you can see the cancer.
And in just a little
over three minutes--
I don't remember the
exact time, but it's
approximately three
or four minutes--
you watch the cancer that
was that big on the screen
just go poof, gone--
non-existent anymore.
And if those people that
were doing the healing
thought of the body as a solid
thing, they could not do that.
They see the body as energy.
It's like you have a guitar.
And an allopathic doctor
comes up to a guitar,
and one of the strings is out.
He goes, oh, got to replace it.
Got to put a new string
on here and tune it.
But an energy person says, no,
there's nothing really wrong.
It's just not in tune.
And so all you've got to
do is go [TUNING SOUND]--
and everything's fine.
You just tune back the energy
back to where it's supposed
to be, and then it's over.
So it's a really
different concept.
And so an allopathic doctor
has to use a physical way
to solve the problem.
They have to give you
a pill, a medicine,
something physical to do it.
They have to go in with
a knife to cut it out,
because of the view that
they have of the reality.
But an energy doctor would
not need to do any of that.
There's other, more simple,
easier, faster, painless
ways of doing this.
And the medical
community is beginning
to understand this right now.
It's just beginning to change.
Canada made a huge
shift here recently,
where they allowed
medical doctors
to use alternative methods.
That's a no-no here
in the United States.
But up there, they say,
if it works, do it.
Why not?
If it works, why not?
But you can't do that here.
And so we're slowly
beginning to understand this.
And these kinds of
changes take a long time.
Even science itself,
physics, is just
now beginning to understand
what they said a long time ago.
They're just beginning
now to get it.
And so I really
recommend that you
begin to change your view
of what the outer world is
made out of, rather
than seeing it as solid
and made out of hard, little
particles that create it.
But you begin to see everything,
and especially the human body,
but it has to take it to
everything, as just energy.
And then from this
concept, Bob Dratch
was one of the first
people, and maybe
the first person on Earth,
to actually come forth
with the word "waveform"
and what it actually is.
And we were able to do
things pretty amazing.
Waveform is if you take this
bottle, which has water in it.
This has a vibration.
The vibration in all of its
fullness is called "waveform."
If you look at
mathematics and you just
see sine wave signature,
we're not talking about that.
We're talking about a sine
wave shape signature over time.
And that is extremely complex.
It's like looking
at a mountain range
with every little, tiny, rock
and pine cone and tree on it.
It's not just a line.
It's a very complex, up and
down pattern within the pattern,
and it's over time.
So the pattern's
actually changing.
When you get a piece of that,
if you took a waveform of this,
and then you created
that pattern-- poof--
you have another bottle
exactly the same,
with precisely the same
number of atoms in it,
same number of atoms or
molecules of water in there,
and everything exactly the same.
There's no difference at all.
And there's no difference
in this reality, either.
It's a bottle of water.
You can drink it.
There's no difference.
And it just came from energy.
He made something called
a "God box," which
is a little, tiny box about an
inch high and about this big,
where you could take a medicine
and convert it into waveform,
and then project it
like you can television
or anything else like that.
So he could come in here
with a certain medicine,
if he wanted to give it to you.
And he could either aim it at
one person, or wide-band it
and shoot everybody in the room.
And you'd all get this medicine.
There would be no difference
if you injected it or if you
didn't-- zero difference
between the difference.
And so it's like
I was asked to go
to a hospital in San
Diego a few years ago,
and there was a French doctor
there that was using waveform.
Only it was
interesting, because he
was using light-- what came
off the surface of the body.
And they used a menopause
medicine-- I don't really
know what it was, but it had
been around for a long time,
and they knew it inside and out.
And they knew all
the side effects.
They knew everything about it.
They'd done 30 years
of research on this.
And he simply took it and
put it into a piece of cloth.
He took the waveform, put
it into a piece of cloth.
The person would hold the cloth
on their arm for 30 seconds.
And it was exactly the same
as if they took the pill.
And we were doing it
in a different way.
We were using the
microwaves, which
I think it's better,
because it's not linear off
the surface, but it's
three dimensional.
And we were taking that.
And we put it into
this little box.
And we took 2000 of
them-- 2,000 medicines.
So it's kind of like
Star Trek, where
you have that little
thing that [MAKES SOUND]
and you could fix anything.
Well, we actually have that.
And one of the things we
put in there was chocolate.
It was our demonstrator when
somebody wouldn't believe us.
You can't do that.
Oh, really?
[MAKES SOUND]
And all of a sudden, your whole
mouth is filled with chocolate.
Hmm, pretty good.
There is no
difference-- not any.
And if you did that
with a human being,
you could duplicate
a human being.
There'd be no difference.
It'd be exactly same body.
Now, the spirit
would be different.
I don't know what would
happen if you do that.
I don't know what happens
with spirit in that case.
But waveform is getting to
be pretty well understood.
And lots of the
scientists and doctors
are working with this now.
Everything is
polarized, and so there
is an extremely positive
side, but there's
an extremely negative side.
We were commissioned by a group
of medical doctors back East.
Their problem was they were
dealing with older people who--
and the biggest problem with
older people in medicine
is they just forget to
take their medicine.
They can't remember to
do it, or they don't
want to-- whatever the reason.
And so they wanted us to put
it into so they could go over
a telephone.
And we made it.
And it worked perfect.
And so the telephone would ring.
The person would pick it up
and it would just go [BUZZ].
And that was it.
And they could
hang it back down.
And all their medicine was
just put into their body.
That was another time we were
stopped by our government.
And I do see why they
stopped us on this one,
because oh, my god,
you could kill anybody.
You can just put arsenic or
something else through there,
and just eliminate
just by a phone call.
But it's going to happen.
You can't stop these things once
somebody has thought about it.
It's in the grids.
Somebody's going to do it,
either positive or negative.
And so you could just
do it over a TV station,
actually, and kill 90 million
people in one second--
I mean more than even thing.
At the same time, you could
put it over a TV station
and heal them of
everything in one second.
But it would cause
more problems.
Anyway, science is there.
Waveform is a matter--
you could even
buy things for-- they have fuels
that would increase gasoline
mileage.
Now they have it put
into a little patch
you stick on your gas tank.
And you get 25% more horsepower
and about 30% more gas mileage.
Now another company's come
out with a whole series
of little plastic patches
for every conceivable problem
you have.
And that stuff really works.
If you have allergies, you
put this little patch on.
Now you don't have allergies
anymore-- on and on
and on and on.
It's just waveform.
OK, I'm going to bring
up one more thing, which
because it's another
healing tool,
and the more I've worked
with this healing tool,
it's quite amazing.
And my belief is
that when you look
at physical objects
that do things,
they're just teaching tools.
If it can do it, you can do it.
So every time I see how
something works in that way,
then I learn how to
do it without it,
and do the same
thing, once I get
the concept of what it's doing.
OK, we got another question.
>>I wanted to know if you tried
to apply this waveform theory
with a harmonizer instead
of just sending the--
>>Oh, yeah, that's
what we were doing.
The way that we were
healing the atmosphere
was through waveform technology.
We would take a cloud
right at the moment
when it's lightning and
starting to dump rain.
And we took the waveform off
of that and put that into a CD,
and then transmitted that sound
frequency, waveform frequency,
through a toroidal
field and out,
and expanded it out into Nature.
And it absolutely works.
>>Did you try anything else
besides the rain cloud?
>>Yeah, you can put
anything through it.
But again, we're back to that
positive and negative thing.
Hopefully, the world
will come into balance.
But we are coming
to a point here,
which I think is going to
happen pretty soon, where all
of our technology-- we're
going to throw away--
in a single day,
according to the prophecy.
Because you go back
into the Vedas,
and they talk about this time
right now-- how we fly around
in metal boxes, and we
learn about electricity
and magnetism, and
we've developed
this whole technology.
This is 5,000, 6,000 years
ago this was written down.
And then they predict
that a day will
come where it'll be
a single day, where
humanity will wake up and
realize who they really are.
And it isn't that
we throw it away.
We just don't need it anymore.
What for?
We can heal anything.
We can do anything.
Anything we think, or
feel, or imagine we can do.
So technology just
becomes obsolete.
Yeah.
>>When you heal
the planet, do you
ask permission of Mother Earth?
And if so, have you
ever gotten a no?
>>Yes, yes, and yes.
Any time you do
anything with the Earth,
it is my belief that you
must ask her permission.
You're working on her body.
It's her body, and it usually
will influence other people,
too.
And so you have
to ask permission.
When we were using
what he was talking
about-- this
toroidal fields that
would stretch out
35 miles-- which
we're now up to 6,000
miles-- and it could easily
be switched over to planetary.
When she gives us
the permission, which
hasn't happened yet, we could
connect into the Mercado field
of the Earth, at which point
anything can be transmitted
globally, all
over-- and actually
from inside the
Earth through it,
universally to the
entire universe.
OK, yeah, when we first
started to do this,
I didn't know if this
was a good idea or not.
I did a little test.
And I could see for
sure that it was real.
And so before we used it--
we were not far from here.
We had 55 people.
And we went and did
a Medicine Wheel
to ask Mother Earth if we
should use this or not.
And it was pretty dramatic,
because White Buffalo Woman
appeared to everyone
in that circle.
And she told us that we could do
this-- that Mother Earth wanted
to know if this would work.
But we had to be limited.
And so we were limited
to a 300 mile area.
And so I've had a
300 mile area, which
includes this place
we're in right now,
but centered in Payson,
which is about 100
and something miles that
way-- 110 miles or so.
And that was for
environmental clearing
of the atmosphere, et cetera.
And Payson is now the cleanest
place on Earth-- scientifically
the cleanest place.
It went past everywhere,
even went past Iceland,
which was the cleanest place.
And they can't explain it.
They're trying to
say, well, it's
the Ponderosa trees are
eating the pollution.
But I don't think so.
What it is is we've had
this field sitting there
for a long time, running
these frequencies.
And you run the frequencies
even for 15, 20 minutes
and you can see the difference.
In 10 days, you can
really see the difference.
When you get up there on a
clear day with no clouds,
you see the mountains.
And you see the
mountains go right
over the edge of the surface.
It looks like there's
no atmosphere at all.
You can see the
little tiny peaks
going over the top
of this thing there.
And you know, normally you
can't see stuff like that,
because it's too much
stuff in the middle.
But yeah, there
have been times when
I have asked for permission
to do things from Mother Earth
and she just said no.
So I just don't do it.
And you could ask her why, too.
She'll tell you why.
You're her child.
She loves you.
She'll tell you.
If it's possible
for her to tell you,
she'll tell you why she
doesn't want you to do that.
What I want to
talk about now were
something called the Dos disk.
And they're D-O-S. I don't
even know what it stands for.
It's Portuguese.
It's from Brazil.
And this is a case where, yes,
we have these physical things.
But I've learned how to do what
they do with just your hands.
But I want to
explain what they do.
And you can buy these
things if you want.
It was not possible to buy
them for a long, long time,
because they were
medical instruments.
But anyway, it is
possible to buy them now.
They're expensive.
They're not cheap--
$3,000 or $4,000.
But if you're a healer,
they're pretty amazing.
Is Cal here?
Yeah, come on.
This is Cal, Cal Garrison.
>>Hello.
>>Hi.
>>And she's the Editor in
Chief of the Spirit of Ma'at
Magazine.
And she also has been
kind of coordinating
everything with these disks and
what we've learned about them.
These medical people,
what they found
is they had discovered
mathematically what this was.
But the reason they came was
because they had read my book.
And they were, like, how did I
know that it was 34 this way,
and 21 this way?
Because they had
figured out all the
spin ratios, the mathematics,
the geometries, and everything.
And they were blown away
that someone had just
written a book on it.
And they had spent 20 years
to come to that conclusion.
And so they asked me
a lot of questions.
And when we're all done-- they
asked me a million questions,
actually.
And then when we were all
done, they said, well,
would you like to try it?
And so I lay down, and I
didn't know what to expect.
And they just put these
disks on my Chakras.
And what they are is, they
are a healthy Chakra--
perfectly healthy Chakra.
So when you put it on it, if
you've got a blocked Chakra,
where it's all out of whack
and it's rotating incorrectly,
very quickly it goes into
a perfectly healthy system,
which means all your
energy is flowing
in your body and everything.
And so they put them on me.
And they said, you're
probably going to go to sleep.
And in my mind, I
go, I don't think so.
And so they put them on my body,
and I was a sort of talking.
Well, what I do next?
I just went to sleep.
You don't have a
choice, kind of.
I woke up like an
hour and 15 minutes
later and took them off.
And you feel fantastic
after this is over with.
You just feel like you've
had two night's sleep.
It's really great.
And then they gave them to me.
They said, we can't
sell them to you,
because they're medical things.
But here they are.
We're going to give
you a set of them.
And then they left.
They left.
And two minutes later,
a woman came in.
And she was one
of the women that
was going to be in the
workshop the next day.
And she was telling
me that she couldn't
come because her
husband had just
decided that he didn't
like her anymore,
and asked for a divorce
that day before.
And she was all red,
and she'd been crying,
and everything else.
And so after, I said, that's OK.
I mean, it's not OK,
but it's OK that you
don't come to the workshop.
We understand.
And so then my
little brain went,
I wonder if I put them on
her, what would happen?
And I try to convince her.
I said, can I just
lay these on you?
She says, no, I don't care.
I just got to go.
I had to ask her a couple
times, and finally she said, OK.
She lays down.
And she's sitting
there talking about it.
She says, why does he
have to be such a jerk?
And she's going on and on.
And I'm putting
these things on her.
And she's in the middle
of a sentence, "And he--"
Wow, that's what I did.
So I sat there.
And it was like an hour or
something before she came back.
And she came back and was
just like a different person.
She says, wow, I
feel really good.
I go, yeah.
She stands up and she
goes, hmm, you know what?
She says, "I think I will come
to your workshop tomorrow."
I say, "What about
your husband?"
She says, the hell with him.
And so I took these back
and I started experimenting
with lots of people.
I was incredibly impressed
with all of this.
And then years went by.
I couldn't sell them.
I could only have one set.
And then years went by.
And the medical
community in Brazil
had come to the place
where there are no side
effects on this that are known.
You can't use them wrong.
You can use them right.
But you can't use them where
it actually hurts anybody.
And so they made it so
you could sell them.
And so we got them,
when was that about?
>>Gee, I think it
was two years ago.
>>Yeah, about two years ago.
And I can't handle
these kind of things.
So I asked Cal if she would
take this on, and begin
to monitor what was happening
from around these things.
So just tell them
what you found.
>>I love these things.
And basically, I call it
the therapist in the box.
All you healers
out there, you guys
are going to be out of business.
My experience with them is
basically that everything
that he said.
I do sessions with myself.
I've done sessions
with other people.
I've done all different
kinds of things
with people who don't know
anything about this stuff.
They always do the same thing.
And the effects are the same.
And depending on the
person and their issues,
you're going to have to
use them more or less.
But let me tell you a little
bit about my experience.
OK, so we'll start there.
So the first time I did it,
everything was laid on me.
I think it's best to do
it when you're lying down,
you're really comfortable,
and there's absolutely
going to be no interference.
Because you can go out from
anywhere between 45 minutes
and three hours.
And what happens is the
feeling is like as your gliding
into this experience, it takes
between five and 15 minutes
to sort of go out.
But then during
that time, you're
in this space where
there's nothing going on.
There's nothing happening.
You're not, like,
aware of anything.
It's like this total black
space that you can't remember.
You don't have any kind
of big stuff happening.
But after three hours,
something in you opens its eyes
and you look up.
And all of a sudden,
at that point,
you realize that this process
of getting all of your Chakras
to be spinning at the
proper speed ratio,
to have all of the
star tetrahedrons
and each Chakra in the
proper relationship
to each other, this feeling
of balance is so unbelievable.
You feel like you've
always wanted to feel.
Actually, the healing process
is sort of a cumulative,
so that every time you
use it, you get better,
and you feel better.
And not only do you feel better
inside, but sometimes what
happens is you
get these insights
in how to just clear up the
mundane issues in your life.
I had an office.
I'd moved into
this little house.
I lived there for two years.
I was in the middle
of writing two books,
and I didn't have time
to arrange my office.
And after my first or
second disk session--
I'd been procrastinating about
dealing with this, because it
was expensive and crazy.
But I got up from a
disk session and I'd
gotten this information while
I was in the session, I think.
But I got up and I straightened
the whole thing out in an hour.
You know I mean?
And it didn't cost me anything.
So you get all kinds of
little practical tips.
There is another thing
that happens, too.
Sometimes you don't
go completely out.
I love the ones where you just
don't even know where you are.
There's another type of disk
session where you go in,
and you're sort of like
halfway between sleep and wake
the whole time.
And what happens is just
these waves of imagery.
Choo, choo, they just
keep coming over you.
And there's information
in that stuff.
So you get to find out what
you need to be looking at.
I think they're
the best ascension
tool that I have ever seen.
I think that everybody
in the universe
could get off Prozac
and all the crazy stuff
that people take, because
they make you feel great.
>>OK.
You can take that.
[APPLAUSE]
The thing is, once you
understand what they are
and how they work, you
can do it without them.
And I mean, if you
are a healer, there
might be something
you might want
to use to understand
it more and everything.
But eventually, you come to
the place where you got it.